

 golang websocket  vue nuxt   centos ubuntu react next

Software Engineer, System Admin

I am a seasoned Vue/Nuxt.js full-stack developer,  I am also very good at CSS and Tailwind.  
I think I am qualified for this job.

I am a seasoned React/Next.js full-stack developer,  I am also very good at CSS and Tailwind.  
I think I am qualified for this job.

I am a seasoned Golang developer,  I am also very good at Database and Cache.  
I think I am qualified for this job.

I am a seasoned System Admin,  I am also very good at troubleshooting and performance optimization.  
I think I am qualified for this job.

I am a seasoned Scraping developer,  I am also very good at  large scale data processing .
I think I am qualified for this job.


https://github.com/2547409617

vue:
https://juejin.cn/


Skills 
Vue.js
Java
Scrapy
React Native
React
Golang
System Administration


I’m a seasoned developer in building websites and soluting complexed bussness. Whether you’re trying to win work, list your services or even create a whole online store – I can help! I’m experienced in HTML and CSS3, jQuery, React/Next.js, Vue.js/Nuxt.js , Node.js/Nest.js，Typescript，Java，Golang and Linux. I’ll fully project manage your brief from start to finish Regular communication is really important to me, so let’s keep in touch!”





Blockchain Data Browser (https://browser.chinacsci.com) is used to browse the
business data of various parties that have been uploaded to the blockchain.

* Using Next.js as the view render framework, TypeScript as a development
language

* Using Nest.js as backend business logic implementation, Mysql as the
business database

* Using Redux as the business data state management tool

* Using Ant Design as the UI component library



Blockchain Management Platform (http://foxcon-console.devn.chinacsci.com) is a
blockchain management platform with multi-user roles.

* Using Next.js as the backend business logic implementation and view
rendering framework, TypeScript as the development language, and
MongoDB as the business database

* Using Redux as the business data state management tool and styledcomponents
as the styling tool

* Using Ant Design as the UI component library







* Youqiantu App , a practical app focused on school selection
information and including community functions. The app was a hybrid app,
with the native part initially implemented using the native frameworks and
languages of each platform (Android, iOS). I was responsible for the main
development of the H5 part. The technical architecture of the H5 part
included: using React as the view framework and implementing a complete
backend rendering function that meets the needs of its own business
requirements to accelerate the rendering of the first screen; using Redux as the
data state management tool and CSS Modules as the primary styling tool.


* Youqiantu official website, aimed at guiding users to download
the Youqiantu app and implementing some of the app's features. Technically, it
was also based on a React framework, with the addition of firstscreen
backend rendering functionality to optimize SEO.


